_pages/About.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: AI Engineer & ML UGRA & Full-Stack Developer | Actively Seeking Summer 2025 Internships

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>1121 E 4th St</p>
    <p>Tucson, Arizona 85719</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a [Computer Science](https://www.cs.arizona.edu/) student at [the University of Arizona](https://www.arizona.edu/), holding a perfect 4.0 GPA and specializing in software development, probabilistic modeling, and machine learning. I am actively seeking internship opportunities for the summer months (May to August) of 2025. My expected graduation date is December 2025.

As a full-stack developer, I have extensive experience with AWS, Nginx, Docker, React, and Django. During my internship at [CoreTechs Consulting Inc.](https://www.coretechs.com/), I managed end-to-end website development, created intelligent bots, and deployed applications using advanced cloud services.

My machine learning expertise includes developing GPT-based models at [AI Core](https://aicore.arizona.edu/) the University of Arizona's [Data Science Institute](https://datascience.arizona.edu/) and[ Institute for Computation and Data-Enabled Insight](https://datainsight.arizona.edu/). Additionally, I have research projects at the [ML4AI LAB](https://ml4ai.github.io/) and [IVI LAB](https://ivilab.org/), developing probabilistic graphical models (Dynamic Bayesian Network) to predict human beliefs in search and rescue missions and computationally understand human-beings. Additionally, I contributed to the ToMCAT dataset, exploring team dynamics in urban search and rescue missions using brain scans, physiological signals, and behavioral responses.

Outside of my technical pursuits, I am a violin enthusiast and avid hiker, which I often share about on my [blog](/blog/).

If you believe I would be a good fit for your team, please feel free to contact me!

Commit message:

update new club in uofa, but still hard to fix the office and location not found problem

_pages/About.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: AI Engineer & ML UGRA & Full-Stack Developer | Actively Seeking Summer 2025 Internships

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>McClelland Park, Room 205</p>
    <p>1121 E 4th St</p>
    <p>Tucson, Arizona 85719</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a [Computer Science](https://www.cs.arizona.edu/) student at [the University of Arizona](https://www.arizona.edu/), holding a perfect 4.0 GPA and specializing in software development, probabilistic modeling, and machine learning. My expected graduation date is December 2025. 

As a full-stack developer, I have extensive experience with AWS, Nginx, Docker, React, and Django. During my internship at [CoreTechs Consulting Inc.](https://www.coretechs.com/), I managed end-to-end website development, created intelligent bots, and deployed applications using advanced web services.

I'm also the Vice President and co-founder of the [Artificial Intelligence Club](https://uaaiclub.com/) at the University of Arizona. I lead our directors, organize workshops, and partner with top companies and startups. Our mission is to give all UofA students access to AI, enabling them to create GPT models and collaborate on corporate projects.

My machine learning expertise includes developing GPT-based models at [AI Core](https://aicore.arizona.edu/), the University of Arizona's [Data Science Institute](https://datascience.arizona.edu/) and[ Institute for Computation and Data-Enabled Insight](https://datainsight.arizona.edu/). Additionally, I have [research projects](https://ml4ai.github.io/tomcat/) at the [ML4AI LAB](https://ml4ai.github.io/) and [IVI LAB](https://ivilab.org/), developing probabilistic graphical models (Dynamic Bayesian Network) to predict human beliefs in search and rescue missions and computationally understand human-beings. Additionally, I contributed to the [ToMCAT](https://ml4ai.github.io/tomcat/) dataset, exploring team dynamics in urban search and rescue missions using brain scans, physiological signals, and behavioral responses.

Outside of my technical pursuits, I am a violin enthusiast and avid hiker, which I often share about on my blog.
